Our recommendation is to have at least one goal in all five of our goal categories: (1) CEO Goals (2) My Performance (3) My Clients (4) My Behavior, and (5) My Development.


Be the Software Engineering Employer of Choice

1. Be your own Chief Learning Officer and continuously upskill on new technologies and cross train on other applications /products
2. Adhere and practice our core values - Win as One team, Be the Change and Lead with Integrity
3. Participate in team and department meetings and townhalls. Display professional conduct at all times
4. Timely escalation to management on any potential issues/risks leading to challenges in reaching overall delivery goals and formulate mitigation and solution strategies.
5. Actively contribute to organizational initiatives ( Diversity, Operational Excellence, Accelerated talent acquisition and training of new joiners, Revenue enhancements, Uniform governance model, Tooling transformation etc).


Contribute towards all key priorities for FIS, Banking and TechDev

路 Meet delivery commitments while partnering with colleagues across enterprise to ensure business objectives are met

路 Accelerate time-to-value through continuous improvement and innovation (ex. CI/CD, LCD,Advanced Agile Processes, Automation)

路 Embrace and support 2023 Future Forward initiatives 

路 Improve solutions, products, and services we provide by maintaining a quality first mindset.


My Performance

1. Deliver committed features/stories in each PI/Iteration on time with zero code related defects.
2. Adhere to development best practices viz. static code analysis for quality, security and open-source compliance.
3. Review the code against the acceptance criteria and adhere to best practices including secured coding practice
4. Ensure thorough unit testing, code reviews, test strategy, test cases to avoid defect seepage to higher environment.
5.Practice the culture of agile in spirit, blur role based boundaries, support each other to complete the committed features/user stories and avoid carry over of features/user stories.
6. Participate and contribute in all SAFe /Agile related ceremonies.
7. Contribute towards Global TechDev goal of >80% Feature Delivery Predictability, <60 days of Speed of Delivery and <12% of Production Defect Leakage for the year.
8. Take complete ownership to deliver the committed features/stories


My Clients

1.Focus on client experience and delighting end users in every project /task worked upon.
2. Engage with internal (LOB, Product etc) and external clients as needed to get instant feedback for delivered Features/Stories.
3. Ensure zero UAT defects and smooth production deployments
4. Contribute to TechDev goals of
i) Reduction in total no. of client escalations to Leadership,
ii) Decrease in Total Production Incidents (Severity 1-4) and
iii) Improvement in average time to close incidents

My personal development

Spring boot mastering

Micro services mastering

Exploring and adopting CI/CD

Understanding more about Cloud architecture

Organizational beha

1. 100% compliance in Reg U, Timely and accurate timekeeping, adherence to all policies and security guidelines

2. Provide status reports, metrics and dashboards to ensure governance

3. Groom and build next set of SMEs (Senior and Specialist roles)
